Login Page:
    User Story 1.1:User Login
        Description: I should be able to login to the
        home page dedicated for my user type.

        Prerequisite state:must have an account

        Action:user provides credentials and press
        login button

        System Reaction:The system checks if credentials
        are right therefore authenticates otherwise
        send error message.

Sign-Up Page:
    User Story 2.1:Create new user
        Description:I should be able to create new user
        define his type and add to the database.

        Prerequisite state:must be an admin user.

        Action:admin provides credentials and job role
        and press create button

        System Reaction:The system checks if credentials
        are there if they are found return error user
        already exists, otherwise create the user and
        add it to the database.

Home Page:
    For all stories:
    Prerequisite state:must be logged in.

    User Story 3.1:Journey Map
        Description:Displays all learners of the quarter,
        shows the logged in user icon slightly bigger
        than others.

        Prerequisite state:

        Action: The user navigates to the
        "Journey Map" section of the home page.

        System Reaction:The system retrieves the user’s
        learning progress from database and displays a
        graphical representation of their journey.

    User Story 3.2:Scoreboard
        Description:Displays the score of all learners of
        the quarter, shows the logged in user icon
        highlighted.

        Prerequisite state:

        Action: The user press scoreboard button.

        System Reaction:The system should retrieve
        all learners score and displays it in a table
        descending order.

    User Story 3.3:Learning Library
        Description: I should be able to view available
        learning materials,Wikis, and blogs in the library.

        Prerequisite state:

        Action: The user press scoreboard button.

        System Reaction:The system should retrieve
        all learners score and displays it in a table
        descending order.


